I'm Robert Lang I'm an origami artist I
do many different types of origami but
one of my specialties is insects and
these are some of my origami insect
designs like most origami each of them
is folded from a single uncut square of
paper these are examples of we might
call state of the art origami in
contrast to the sparrow which took just
a few minutes to fold any one of these
pieces would take a couple of days to
fold and probably could only be done by
a few experts I'll show some of the
detail on the underside that's what they
looks like on the underside each of
these pieces like most origami is folded
from a single uncut square of paper and
there's the underside of that
this is a type of beetle called a youth
asagna spiel as very feathery antennae
and you might think that to get that
feathering one would have to cut the
paper but know this too is just an uncut
square of paper and that's its underside
this is a Salt Creek tiger beetle it was
a commissioned commissioned by the
professor who's the world expert on this
type of beetle and he asked me if I
could do an origami version and this is
the origami version it is a little bit
larger than the real thing the real
thing is only about that long but so
that we could get all the detail I
folded it in somewhat larger than
life-size and then this is a a brown
widow spider the real thing is only
about that long and there's its
underside